{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17220\viewh15600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\i\b\fs28 \cf0 \
The Events Calendar PRO
\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
Thanks for buying {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tri.be/shop/wordpress-events-calendar-pro/"}}{\fldrslt
\b Events Calendar PRO}}! From all of us at Modern Tribe, we sincerely appreciate it. If you're looking for help with Events Calendar PRO, you've come to the right place. We are committed to helping make your calendar kick ass...and hope the resources provided below will help get you there.
\f0\i\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\i0\fs24 \cf2 \
\

\b\fs28 Getting Started
\b0 \

\b\fs24 \

\b0 If this is your first time using The Events Calendar PRO, you're in for a treat and are already well on your way to creating a first event. Don't  forget to grab a copy of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://wordpress.org/plugins/the-events-calendar/"}}{\fldrslt The Events Calendar}} from WordPress.org as you will need it to run PRO. Here are some basics we've found helpful for users jumping into it for the first time:
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
* Our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tri.be/support/documentation/events-calendar-pro-new-user-primer/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt
\b New User Primer}}
\b
\b0 was designed for folks in your exact position. Featuring both step-by-step videos and written walkthroughs that feature accompanying screenshots, the primer aims to take you from zero to hero in no time.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f1\fs24 \cf2 *
\b  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tri.be/support/faqs/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt Installation/Setup FAQs}}
\b0  from our Support page, can help give an overview of what the plugin can and cannot do. This section of the FAQs may be helpful as it aims to address any basic install questions not addressed by the new user primer.\
\
* Are you developer looking to build a custom frontend view? We created an example plugin that demonstrates how to register a new view. You can
\b  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/moderntribe/tribe-events-agenda-view"}}{\fldrslt download the plugin at GitHub}}
\b0  to get started.\
\
* Take care of your
\b  license key
\b0 . Though {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tri.be/events-calendar-pro-license-keys-when-you-need-them-when-you-dont/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt
\b not required to create your first event}}, you'll want to get it in place as soon as possible to guarantee your access to support and upgrades. Here's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tri.be/finding-your-pro-license-key-re-downloading-the-plugin/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt
\b how to find your license key}}, if you don't have it handy.\
\
Otherwise, if you're
\b feeling adventurous
\b0 , you can get started by heading to the Events menu and adding your first event.\'a0
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\

\b\fs28 Support Resources To Help You Kick Ass
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \

\b0 We've redone our support page from the ground up in an effort to better help our users. Head over to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tri.be/support/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt
\b Support}} page at Modern Tribe and you'll find all our documentation, including:
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
* {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tri.be/support/documentation/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt
\b Template tags
\b0 ,
\b classes,
\b0
\b hooks & filters}} for The Events Calendar & Events Calendar PRO
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs24 \cf2 *
\b  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tri.be/support/faqs/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt Frequently Asked Questions}}
\b0  ranging from the most basic setup questions to advanced themer tweaks
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs24 \cf2 * {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tri.be/the-events-calendar-for-wordpress-tutorials/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt
\b Tutorials}} written by both members of our team and users from the community, covering custom queries, integration with third-party themes and plugins, etc.
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs24 \cf2 * {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://linode.tri.be/category/products/release-notes/"}}{\fldrslt
\b Release notes}} for painting an overall picture of the plugin's lifecycle and when features/bug fixes were introduced.
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs24 \cf2 * {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tri.be/support/documentation/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt
\b Add-on documentation}} for all of Modern Tribe's official extensions for The Events Calendar (including WooTickets, Community Events, Eventbrite Tickets, Facebook Events, etc)\
\
We've also got a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tribe.uservoice.com"}}{\fldrslt
\b Modern Tribe UserVoice page}} where we're actively watching for feature ideas from the community. If after playing with the plugin and reviewing the resources above, you're finding a feature isn't present that should be, let us know. Vote up existing feature requests or add your own, and help us shape the future of the products business in a way that best meets the community's needs.
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\

\b\fs28 Forums: Because Everyone Needs A Buddy
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \

\b0 Written documentation can only take things so far...sometimes, you need help from a real person. This is where our support forums come into play.\
\
Users who have purchased an Events Calendar PRO license are granted total access to our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tri.be/support/forums/?utm_source=readme&utm_medium=plugin-ecp&utm_campaign=in-app&utm_content=rtf"}}{\fldrslt
\b premium support forums}} for one year from date of purchase. Unlike at the WordPress.org support forums, where our involvement is limited to identifying and patching bugs, we have a dedicated support team for PRO users. We're on the PRO forums daily throughout the business week, and no thread should go more than 24-hours without a response. \
\
Our number one goal is helping you succeed, and to whatever extent possible, we'll help troubleshoot and guide your customizations or tweaks. While we won't build your site for you, and we can't guarantee we'll be able to get you 100% integrated with every theme or plugin out there, we'll do all we can to point you in the right direction and to make you -- and your client, as is often more importantly the case -- satisfied. \
\
Before posting a new thread, please do a search to make sure your issue hasn't already been addressed. When posting please make sure to provide as much detail about the problem as you can (with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://droplr.com/"}}{\fldrslt
\b screenshots}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.techsmith.com/jing.html"}}{\fldrslt
\b screencasts}} if feasible), and make sure that you've identified whether a plugin / theme conflict could be at play in your initial message.
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \
\

\b\fs28 Not getting help?
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 \

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \

\b0 If you find that you aren't getting the level of service you've come to expect from Modern Tribe, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:pro@tri.be"}}{\fldrslt
\b send us an email}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/moderntribeinc/"}}{\fldrslt
\b let us know on Twitter}}. We'll do what we can to make it right.\'a0
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
}